Three categories of feedback, including things I like as well as parts I don't:

Bugs:
- The new "sample languages" page has some visual issues -- text is
  cut off below the language snippets.

Content issues:
- I think the IDE box now says too little about docs and too much
  about details (like the Vim mode).

Visual design:

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISAGREE, NOT WILLING TO DISCUSS 

  - I prefer the line-separator style to the gray/white background style
    for the lower boxes.

  - would moving [the slogan] to the top be better?

DISAGREE, WILLING TO DISCUSS 

   - I like combining boxes as you did, and getting rid of the
     Scheme/Lisp one. However, I think some of the links that went away
     would be good to keep: the documentation, the repository, the style
     guide, for example. I'm not sure what the best place to put them would
     be -- maybe a new box that's a "quick start" box?

   - I don't think the text in the new top box is very helpful. What is a
   "real problem"? And hopefully, for most people their problems are
   well-solved in an _existing_ Racket language -- writing a new language
   is not a first-day Racket program.  The "Got ..." phrasing feels off
   to me as well.  The slogan on the current home page is more compelling


DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO

   - If the text is now there the whole time, I think the links should be
     clickable all the time.

DON'T UNDERSTAND 

   - The new boxes on the front page don't all seem to line up.
   - I like moving to having the text on the page initially.
   - If we aren't showing them in detail, I don't know that the fractals
     make things better. It mostly seems to make things harder to read
     right now.

DONE, I THINK 

   - If there's now a Donate button on the top line, should that be in
   the other places on the web page where those three boxes appeared
   before?

- Pollen doesn't seem to allow abstraction, so I made these pages look
  alike manually. All of them list four buttons now at the top: 
  download, docs, packages, donate. I think I got them all. 

- I could not figure out how to add these buttons to download and
  snapshots. Sadly, they are written in Racket, so I should have been able
  to figure out something :) ~~~ But having said this, I am not sure that
  these pages should look like the front page. ~~~ We already have many
  page styles. 

DONE, SOMEWHAT 


   - I think the claims made for Typed Racket are too strong. My
     suggestion would be to combine the Contracts and Types boxes into one,
     and not say things like "done right".

- You're right. The "done right" was over the top. But at the same time, we
  are the only ones who support full-fledged soundness in the old sense and
  "soundness and completeness" in the new one. 

  So I compromised a bit and changed the title for "Typed" and some of the
  prose in both. I also disagree with the idea of combining the two. They
  are separate ideas, and Racket supports each in the cleanest way of any
  language around. We should proudly advertise both. 

NOT DONE:  

- The Julia language page comes w/o sample programs on the home page. 
  I think that's fine. 
  
  - I miss the examples of languages. A language home page without any
    programs seems like a mistake to me, and our programs should show off
    the language-oriented nature of Racket.

- The new Languages page isn't mine. Someone contributed it as a PR, and I
  pulled it in. But yes, I think we can modify it anyway but for now I'll
  leave it alone. I'd like to discuss it first.

  - Many of the languages listed on the "Languages" page (in the intro
    paragraphs) could be hyperlinks, as could the link to the
    documentation.

  - I think the new "Languages" page is too single-column. Could we put
    some of these boxes next to each other horizontally (as on the home
    page)? 
